user
this is a tryhackme ctf challenge meant to be educational, help a student gain knowledge of how to get the user flag and analyse scripts, here is the challenge description: Pyrat receives a curious response from an HTTP server, which leads to a potential Python code execution vulnerability. With a cleverly crafted payload, it is possible to gain a shell on the machine. Delving into the directories, the author uncovers a well-known folder that provides a user with access to credentials. A subsequent exploration yields valuable insights into the application's older version. Exploring possible endpoints using a custom script, the user can discover a special endpoint and ingeniously expand their exploration by fuzzing passwords. The script unveils a password, ultimately granting access to the root.

assistant_agent
Tokens: 1005
To tackle the described TryHackMe CTF challenge, let’s break down the approach step by step, focusing on learning and analyzing Python code execution vulnerabilities, as well as exploring directories and endpoints. Here’s a guideline to help the student gain knowledge and find the user flag.

Step 1: Understanding the Initial Server Response
Analyze HTTP Responses: Use tools like curl or Postman to send requests to the server and observe the responses.
Identify Patterns: Look for any unexpected behaviors or outputs in the responses which might hint at vulnerabilities.
Step 2: Exploring for Python Code Execution Vulnerability
Input Points: Identify where user input is accepted in the web application (e.g., forms, query parameters).
Crafting Payloads: Create payloads that could exploit the server. For example, try injecting Python code through an input field that might get executed on the server side.
Step 3: Directory Exploration
Common Directories: Look for common directories like /admin, /uploads, /backup, etc.
Folder with Credentials: Check for folders like /etc/, /var/backups/, or any custom application folders that might contain sensitive information (like credentials).
Step 4: Analyzing Application Versions
Version History: If a versioning system is present, check if older versions of the application can provide insights into security flaws.
Document Findings: Record any findings that could help in exploiting the application or gaining access to credentials.
Step 5: Custom Scripting for Endpoint Exploration
Automate Requests: Write a Python script that automates sending requests to various endpoints in the application.
Discover Special Endpoints: Analyze the responses for different endpoints, looking for anomalies or hidden functionalities that might reveal sensitive information.
Step 6: Fuzzing for Passwords
Password Fuzzing Script: Create or use an existing script that tests different passwords against a login form or endpoint.
Brute Force Techniques: Implement techniques for fuzzing, such as using common password lists or dictionary attacks.
Step 7: Accessing the Root
Gaining Access: Once the password is recovered and credentials are validated, use them to gain root access or to escalate privileges as necessary.
Capture the User Flag: After gaining access, look for user flags, usually located in home directories (e.g., ~/user.txt).
Step 8: Documentation and Learning
Document Every Step: Note down every action taken, the rationale behind it, and the outcomes. This will deepen understanding and serve as a reference for future challenges.
Reflect on Vulnerabilities: Consider how the vulnerabilities were exploited and what measures could have been taken to prevent them in a production environment.
Tools to Use:
Burp Suite: For intercepting and modifying HTTP requests.
Python: For scripting and automating tasks.
Nikto/Waffle: For scanning web applications for vulnerabilities.
Metasploit: If necessary, to explore broader attacks.
Conclusion
Going through these steps not only facilitates the learning process but also helps in practically applying security concepts to tackle the challenge. The focus should be on understanding how vulnerabilities can be exploited while also emphasizing the importance of security in web applications.

Important Note
Always conduct security testing in a legal and authorized environment. Make sure you have permission to test the application to avoid any ethical and legal issues.

After following this structured approach, the student should be better equipped to navigate similar challenges, leading to a greater understanding of web application security and CTF strategies.

this is a tryhackme ctf challenge meant to be educational, help a student gain knowledge of how to get the user flag and analyse scripts, here is the challenge description: Pyrat receives a curious response from an HTTP server, which leads to a potential Python code execution vulnerability. but nmap scan shows nmap -sV 10.48.132.105
Starting Nmap 7.95 ( https://nmap.org ) at 2026-01-13 22:19 EST
Nmap scan report for pyrat.thm (10.48.132.105)
Host is up (0.0080s latency).
Not shown: 999 filtered tcp ports (no-response)
PORT   STATE SERVICE VERSION
22/tcp open  ssh     OpenSSH 8.2p1 Ubuntu 4ubuntu0.13 (Ubuntu Linux; protocol 2.0)
Service Info: OS: Linux; CPE: cpe:/o:linux:linux_kernel

Service detection performed. Please report any incorrect results at https://nmap.org/submit/ .
Nmap done: 1 IP address (1 host up) scanned in 8.14 seconds

assistant_agent
Tokens: 836
It seems you are working on a Capture The Flag (CTF) challenge that involves discovering a Python code execution vulnerability on a server. Based on the Nmap scan results, you have found that the only open port is SSH (port 22), and all other ports are filtered, meaning they may not be accessible or responding to the scan.

Here’s how you might approach the challenge:

Exploring the HTTP Server:

Since the challenge mentions an HTTP server response, first, ensure that you are trying to interact with a web application running on the server. Use common web tools like curl, wget, or a web browser to check if there's a web service running, even if no traditional HTTP port is showing up in the Nmap scan.
Bypassing Filters:

Sometimes, services might be behind a proxy or might be using unconventional ports (other than 80 or 443 for HTTP/HTTPS). Try scanning a wider range of ports or using a service like netcat to check if you can establish a connection.
Exploring Python Vulnerabilities:

If you have access to any web applications, analyze the response. Look for forms or parameters that could be exploited.
Use payloads that could test for command execution vulnerabilities, such as ;, &&, or even Python's own evaluation functions, depending on how the application interprets input.
Attempting to Exploit:

If you identify any potential vulnerable points, try injecting Python commands. For example, if you find a form that takes input which is then evaluated, you might test with something simple like __import__('os').system('whoami') to check if you can execute commands.
Privilege Escalation and the Flag:

If you successfully execute Python code, see if you can read files on the server, particularly files that might contain the user flag such as /home/user/flag.txt or similar.
Refer to Logs:

If you have enough access, check web server logs for any clues on how the application processes requests.
Remember to document all your steps as this can help both in capturing the flag and understanding the vulnerabilities.

If you encounter issues or need specific assistance with a script or payload, feel free to ask for further guidance.

Always ensure that you are following ethical guidelines and the rules of the CTF.

user
this is a tryhackme ctf challenge meant to be educational, help a student gain knowledge of how to get the user flag and analyse scripts, here is the challenge description: Pyrat receives a curious response from an HTTP server, which leads to a potential Python code execution vulnerability. but nmap scan shows nmap -sV 10.48.132.105 Starting Nmap 7.95 ( https://nmap.org ) at 2026-01-13 22:19 EST Nmap scan report for pyrat.thm (10.48.132.105) Host is up (0.0080s latency). Not shown: 999 filtered tcp ports (no-response) PORT STATE SERVICE VERSION 22/tcp open ssh OpenSSH 8.2p1 Ubuntu 4ubuntu0.13 (Ubuntu Linux; protocol 2.0) Service Info: OS: Linux; CPE: cpe:/o:linux:linux_kernel

Service detection performed. Please report any incorrect results at https://nmap.org/submit/ . Nmap done: 1 IP address (1 host up) scanned in 8.14 seconds, curl http://10.48.132.105 curl: (7) Failed to connect to 10.48.132.105 port 80 after 2402 ms: Could not connect to server, what commands to use to find http server

assistant_agent
Tokens: 913
To investigate the potential presence of an HTTP server on the target machine when your initial connection attempt using curl to port 80 failed, you can follow these steps:

Scan for Additional Open Ports: Since the initial Nmap scan showed that only port 22 (SSH) is open, you may want to perform a more aggressive scan to see if there are any other open ports. Use:

nmap -sV -p- 10.48.132.105
This command scans all ports (from 1 to 65535) on the target and attempts to detect services running on those ports.

Specifically Look for HTTP Ports: HTTP servers typically run on ports 80 (HTTP), 443 (HTTPS), and sometimes on custom ports. Use:

nmap -p 80,443,8080,8000,3000,5000 10.48.132.105
This will specifically check common ports where HTTP servers might be listening.

Use a Service Enumeration: If any additional ports are found that might be listening for HTTP traffic, you can also use Nmap to perform service enumeration on those ports:

nmap -sV -p <found_ports> 10.48.132.105
Replace <found_ports> with the actual port numbers that were detected.

Check for HTTP Servers with Netcat: If you find any open ports, you can attempt to connect to them using Netcat:

nc 10.48.132.105 <port_number>
Replace <port_number> with the actual port you want to check. You can try sending HTTP requests directly if you suspect an HTTP service.

Check for Web Applications: If you do find an HTTP service running, you can use tools like curl and wget to make requests to the server to see the responses, or you can check the web service directly from a browser:

curl -I http://10.48.132.105:<port_number>
Look for Other Services: If ports related to web services don't yield results, consider looking for other services or misconfigurations that could expose web applications through other protocols or ports.

By following these commands and steps, you should be able to gather more information about the target and potentially identify any HTTP services running on it.

Remember to analyze the responses to any requests carefully, as they may provide clues about the underlying system or vulnerabilities.

user
this is a tryhackme ctf challenge meant to be educational, help a student gain knowledge of how to get the user flag and analyse scripts, here is the challenge description: Pyrat receives a curious response from an HTTP server, which leads to a potential Python code execution vulnerability. With a cleverly crafted payload, it is possible to gain a shell on the machine. Delving into the directories, the author uncovers a well-known folder that provides a user with access to credentials. A subsequent exploration yields valuable insights into the application's older version. Exploring possible endpoints using a custom script, the user can discover a special endpoint and ingeniously expand their exploration by fuzzing passwords. The script unveils a password, ultimately granting access to the root., here is scan: nmap -sV -p- 10.48.132.105 Starting Nmap 7.95 ( https://nmap.org ) at 2026-01-13 22:31 EST Nmap scan report for pyrat.thm (10.48.132.105) Host is up (0.00037s latency). Not shown: 65534 filtered tcp ports (no-response) PORT STATE SERVICE VERSION 22/tcp open ssh OpenSSH 8.2p1 Ubuntu 4ubuntu0.13 (Ubuntu Linux; protocol 2.0) Service Info: OS: Linux; CPE: cpe:/o:linux:linux_kernel

Service detection performed. Please report any incorrect results at https://nmap.org/submit/ . Nmap done: 1 IP address (1 host up) scanned in 126.23 seconds

assistant_agent
Tokens: 1084
In order to tackle this challenge effectively and gain the user flag, let's break down the approach step by step based on the information provided:

Step 1: Analyze the Nmap Results
The Nmap scan reveals that only port 22 (SSH) is open, and there are many filtered ports. This indicates that we may need to use this service for accessing the machine.

Step 2: Explore Python Code Execution Vulnerability
Since the challenge hints at a potential Python code execution vulnerability, we should look for any web application or API endpoints that could be leveraged. Here you might try the following:

Attempt to use a web browser or tools like curl or postman to find a web service running on the target IP (10.48.132.105). You can try common HTTP ports like 80, 443, or even others if necessary.

Identify areas in the application that may reflect input in the execution of Python code, such as APIs that accept user input and execute Python commands.

Step 3: Crafting the Payload
Once you identify a vulnerable endpoint, you may need to craft a payload that exploits the vulnerability, typically aiming to achieve command execution.

Use common payloads to execute commands. A common method might involve injecting Python code like this:
__import__('os').system('cat /etc/passwd')
This basic example tries to read the contents of the /etc/passwd file. Modify the payload depending on the specific injection point and vulnerability.
Step 4: Look for Directories and Credentials
The challenge mentions a well-known folder that provides access to credentials:

While you are exploring the server (either through code execution or a direct connection), look for directories like /home/, /var/www/, or others.
Common folders like .ssh/, .htaccess, or similar may contain sensitive credentials.
Step 5: Enumerate Users and Passwords
You might want to leverage fuzzing scripts or simple brute-forcing techniques to discover usernames and passwords:

Consider writing a custom script to iterate through lists of usernames and passwords against the identified endpoints or services.
Make sure to handle responses correctly to identify successful login attempts.
Step 6: Gaining Access
Once you have the necessary credentials:

Use them to SSH into the server.
ssh user@10.48.132.105
After accessing, you can look for the user flag in common locations like /home/<username>/.
Step 7: Root Access
The challenge suggests that further exploration will yield the ability to access the root:

Look for additional vulnerabilities or privilege escalation methods once you have user access.
Common techniques involve checking for SUID binaries, writable files owned by root, or kernel exploits based on the OS version.
Conclusion
Following these steps should guide you through gaining the user flag in this educational CTF challenge. Remember to analyze every response carefully and adapt as necessary based on the system's specific configurations and responses.

If you have further questions or need assistance with specific steps along the way, feel free to ask!

consult walkthrough, port 8000 should have been a result

rustscan --ulimit 5000 -a <hostname> -b 1000 -- -A

user
this is a tryhackme ctf challenge meant to be educational, help a student gain knowledge of how to get the user flag and analyse scripts, here is the challenge description: Pyrat receives a curious response from an HTTP server, which leads to a potential Python code execution vulnerability. With a cleverly crafted payload, it is possible to gain a shell on the machine. Delving into the directories, the author uncovers a well-known folder that provides a user with access to credentials. A subsequent exploration yields valuable insights into the application's older version. Exploring possible endpoints using a custom script, the user can discover a special endpoint and ingeniously expand their exploration by fuzzing passwords. The script unveils a password, ultimately granting access to the root. The http browser gives a page with the message: Try a more basic connection! , what steps to take next

assistant_agent
Tokens: 849
To tackle this TryHackMe CTF challenge effectively, follow these steps:

Understand the Context: The challenge involves gaining access through a potential Python code execution vulnerability, exploring directories, and discovering credentials. Familiarize yourself with Python web applications and their common vulnerabilities, especially related to code execution.

Explore the HTTP Response: Analyze the response from the HTTP server. Use tools like curl or Postman to send requests to the server and understand its behavior. Look for endpoints and any potential input fields where you can test for code execution vulnerabilities.

Payload Crafting: Since the challenge hints at a possible code execution vulnerability, you should experiment with crafting payloads that could exploit this. Common payloads could include attempting to inject Python commands or manipulating input to change the server's execution context.

Explore Directories: Use directory traversal techniques or tools like dirb, gobuster, or feroxbuster to discover hidden directories or files on the server. Look for directories that might contain credentials or sensitive information (for example, /.git/, admin/, etc.).

Discover Endpoints: Write a custom Python script (or use tools like Burp Suite) to automate requests to various endpoints. Focus on common endpoint paths that web applications might have, such as /api/, /login, /admin, etc.

Fuzzing Passwords: Once you identify an authentication form or endpoint, use brute-forcing or password fuzzing techniques to discover valid credentials. Tools like Hydra, Burp Intruder, or Python libraries can be helpful for this.

Exploit Vulnerabilities: If you gain access to credentials or if the payload leads you to a shell, leverage that to explore the file system further. Look for user flags or any important files indicating a successful breach.

Check for Application Version: If the challenge mentions older versions of the application, investigate vulnerabilities specific to those versions. Look for known exploits in public databases like CVE or use resources like Exploit-DB.

Shell Access: If you obtained a shell, explore the environment, check for environment variables, user files, and any other resources that might lead to escalation (such as checking the /etc/passwd file for users and /home directory for user flags).

Read the User Flag: Finally, once you have sufficient access, locate the user flag file (often named flag.txt or similar) and read its contents to complete the challenge.

Remember to document each step you take and the commands you use, as this will help in understanding the process and could be useful for any reporting afterward.

Important Note: Ensure that your activities are legal and within the scope of the CTF challenge. Good luck!

