this is a tryhackme ctf challenge meant to be educational, help a student gain knowledge of how to get the user and root flags, here is the challenge description:Soupedecode is an intense and engaging challenge in which players must compromise a domain controller by exploiting Kerberos authentication, navigating through SMB shares, performing password spraying, and utilizing Pass-the-Hash techniques. Prepare to test your skills and strategies in this multifaceted cyber security adventure.

assistant_agent
Tokens: 917
To tackle the "Soupedecode" CTF challenge, you will need to follow several steps, focusing on the techniques mentioned in the description, such as exploiting Kerberos authentication, navigating SMB shares, password spraying, and utilizing Pass-the-Hash. Here's a structured approach to help you gain knowledge in this area:

1. Understand Kerberos Authentication
Kerberos Fundamentals: Study how Kerberos works, including the role of ticket granting tickets (TGTs) and service tickets (TGS).
Tools: Familiarize yourself with tools like Kerbrute for enumerating users and finding valid accounts.
2. Password Spraying
What is Password Spraying?: Unlike traditional brute force attacks that target a single account with multiple passwords, password spraying attempts to access many accounts with a few common passwords.
Execution: Use tools like Hydra or CrackMapExec to perform password spraying against the service or domain you are targeting.
Common Passwords: Understand commonly used passwords and try to use them effectively.
3. Navigate SMB Shares
Understanding SMB: Server Message Block (SMB) is a network file sharing protocol, and understanding it is crucial for accessing shared files.
Tools: Use tools like smbclient or enum4linux to enumerate SMB shares and try to access them with valid credentials.
Exploitation: Look for sensitive files or scripts that might contain credentials or other useful information.
4. Pass-the-Hash Techniques
What is Pass-the-Hash?: This technique lets you authenticate using the hash of a user's password instead of the password itself.
Workflow: Capture NTLM hashes using tools like mimikatz, and then use them to authenticate against services that accept NTLM.
Tools: Familiarize yourself with mimikatz and its commands to retrieve and use hashes.
5. Escalate Privileges to Root
Post-Exploitation: Once you gain access to a user account, look for ways to escalate privileges to root. This might involve finding misconfigured services, exploiting vulnerabilities, or using further tools.
Check for Unattended Services: Some systems may run services that allow for privilege escalation.
6. Capture Flags
User Flag: After compromising a user account, look for files typically named user.txt or similar in the user’s home directory.
Root Flag: After achieving root access, find the root.txt flag typically located in the root directory.
7. Documenting Everything
Keep a detailed log of all the steps you take and the tools used. This is valuable for review and learning purposes.
Recommended Resources:
Books: "The Hacker Playbook" series has excellent coverage of real-world scenarios and techniques.
Online Courses: Platforms like TryHackMe or Hack The Box provide practical, hands-on challenges.
Practice Tips:
Lab Environment: Set up a lab environment where you can test out these techniques safely without any legal issues.
Curve of Learning: Start with simpler challenges on platforms like TryHackMe to build foundational skills before moving onto more difficult tasks like "Soupedecode."
By following these structured steps, you should be well on your way to gaining the necessary knowledge to tackle the challenge effectively.


user
this is a tryhackme ctf challenge meant to be educational, help a student gain knowledge of how to get the user and root flags, here is the challenge description:Soupedecode is an intense and engaging challenge in which players must compromise a domain controller by exploiting Kerberos authentication, navigating through SMB shares, performing password spraying, and utilizing Pass-the-Hash techniques. Prepare to test your skills and strategies in this multifaceted cyber security adventure. what is the first step

assistant_agent
Tokens: 539
In a challenge like "Soupedecode," the first step is to gather information about the target environment. Here’s how you can proceed:

Information Gathering:

Start by identifying the target system's IP address and its network configuration.
Use tools like nmap to perform a network scan for open ports and services. This will help you learn about the systems and services running on the target.
Example command:

nmap -sS -sV -A <target_IP>
Enumerate Kerberos Services:

Since this challenge involves exploiting Kerberos authentication, familiarize yourself with the Kerberos protocol and how it operates.
You can use various tools like kerbrute to enumerate valid usernames and detect valid accounts within the domain.
Look for SMB Shares:

Use tools to enumerate SMB shares, which may reveal shared resources on the target. Tools like smbclient or enum4linux can be useful.
Password Spraying:

Once you have a list of usernames, you can perform password spraying attacks using common passwords to try to gain access to accounts without triggering account lockouts.
Pass-the-Hash (PtH):

If you manage to get access to one account, explore using the Kerberos tickets or hashes to access other accounts.
Make sure you are understanding each step and the tools used, as this will help you in the long run, both for this challenge and in your cybersecurity endeavors.

Once you've completed your reconnaissance and have some results, you can look into moving onto exploiting the vulnerabilities you've identified.

Good luck!

nmap -sC -sV 10.48.145.159   
Starting Nmap 7.95 ( https://nmap.org ) at 2026-01-14 02:38 EST
Nmap scan report for 10.48.145.159
Host is up (0.00048s latency).
Not shown: 991 filtered tcp ports (no-response)
PORT     STATE SERVICE       VERSION
53/tcp   open  domain        Simple DNS Plus
88/tcp   open  kerberos-sec  Microsoft Windows Kerberos (server time: 2026-01-14 07:41:11Z)
135/tcp  open  msrpc         Microsoft Windows RPC
139/tcp  open  netbios-ssn   Microsoft Windows netbios-ssn
445/tcp  open  microsoft-ds?
593/tcp  open  ncacn_http    Microsoft Windows RPC over HTTP 1.0
636/tcp  open  tcpwrapped
3269/tcp open  tcpwrapped
3389/tcp open  ms-wbt-server Microsoft Terminal Services
|_ssl-date: 2026-01-14T07:41:55+00:00; 0s from scanner time.
| rdp-ntlm-info: 
|   Target_Name: SOUPEDECODE
|   NetBIOS_Domain_Name: SOUPEDECODE
|   NetBIOS_Computer_Name: DC01
|   DNS_Domain_Name: SOUPEDECODE.LOCAL
|   DNS_Computer_Name: DC01.SOUPEDECODE.LOCAL
|   Product_Version: 10.0.20348
|_  System_Time: 2026-01-14T07:41:15+00:00
| ssl-cert: Subject: commonName=DC01.SOUPEDECODE.LOCAL
| Not valid before: 2026-01-13T07:36:33
|_Not valid after:  2026-07-15T07:36:33
Service Info: OS: Windows; CPE: cpe:/o:microsoft:windows

Host script results:
| smb2-security-mode: 
|   3:1:1: 
|_    Message signing enabled and required
| smb2-time: 
|   date: 2026-01-14T07:41:16
|_  start_date: N/A

Service detection performed. Please report any incorrect results at https://nmap.org/submit/ .
Nmap done: 1 IP address (1 host up) scanned in 212.94 seconds
this is a tryhackme ctf challenge meant to be educational, help a student gain knowledge of how to get the user and root flags, here is the challenge description:Soupedecode is an intense and engaging challenge in which players must compromise a domain controller by exploiting Kerberos authentication, navigating through SMB shares, performing password spraying, and utilizing Pass-the-Hash techniques. Prepare to test your skills and strategies in this multifaceted cyber security adventure. what is the next step

assistant_agent
Tokens: 1297
In this scenario, you've done an Nmap scan on the domain controller (DC01) and discovered several useful services, particularly Kerberos, SMB, and others. Given that this is a challenge involving Kerberos authentication and exploitation, here are the next steps to consider for the TryHackMe CTF:

1. Kerberos Enumeration:
Use tools like kerbrute, Impacket, or Rubeus to enumerate users in the domain. This can be done through the Kerberos service (port 88).
Example using Kerbrute:

kerbrute userenum --dc 10.48.145.159 --users users.txt
Alternatively, you can use GetUserSPNs.py from the Impacket suite to get any valid users and their service principal names (SPNs):
Impacket/GetUserSPNs.py SOUPEDECODE/ -dc-ip 10.48.145.159
2. Password Spraying:
After identifying users, attempt a password spraying attack. Use a common password or a list of passwords against all the users found in the enumeration step.
Tools like hydra or hashcat can be useful for this.
Example using Hydra:

hydra -p Password1 -P users.txt smb://10.48.145.159
3. Accessing SMB Shares:
If you find valid credentials, connect to the SMB shares to look for sensitive files or further credentials.
Example:

smbclient //10.48.145.159/sharename -U username
4. Pass-the-Hash:
If you have obtained NTLM hashes for any user, you can use them to perform a Pass-the-Hash attack. Tools like PsExec or Impacket's psexec.py can be used for this purpose.
Example with Impacket:

psexec.py <DOMAIN>/<USER>:<HASH> 10.48.145.159
Conclusion:
By following these steps, you can enumerate users, perform password spraying, and access SMB shares, ultimately working towards capturing the user and root flags. Be sure to collect any credentials or hashes you find along the way, as they will be crucial for elevation and finalizing your attack strategy.

Finally, remember to keep notes of your actions as they can help in understanding the flow and rationale behind your steps during the challenge.

https://happycamper84.medium.com/soupedecode01-tryhackme-walkthrough-fddefd9050b9

user
why put this in /etc/hosts file <DC's IP> soupedecode.local

assistant_agent
Tokens: 778
The entry <DC's IP> soupedecode.local in the /etc/hosts file is typically used to map a specific hostname (in this case, soupedecode.local) to the IP address of a server or device (often a Domain Controller, or DC, in an Active Directory environment).

Here are some reasons why you might want to include this entry:

Name Resolution: The /etc/hosts file allows for local name resolution before querying DNS. By adding this entry, any requests to soupedecode.local will resolve to the specified IP address without needing to contact a DNS server.

Local Development: If you're developing or testing software that should communicate with the server at that IP, having a simple hostname can make it more manageable than remembering or typing the IP address.

Network Isolation: In some environments, especially those with restricted or unreliable DNS servers, adding hostnames directly to the /etc/hosts file can ensure that services can always connect to required servers.

Overrides: If the DNS server provides a different IP address for soupedecode.local, adding an entry in the /etc/hosts file can override that DNS resolution, ensuring that you always connect to the correct machine.

Local Network Configuration: In smaller networks or isolated environments, where DNS might not be set up or necessary, using /etc/hosts can provide a quick way to manage network names.

Make sure to replace <DC's IP> with the actual IP address of your Domain Controller or the intended server you need to point to.


